= rubygems-cleanroom

home :: https://github.com/seattlerb/rubygems-cleanroom
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/rubygems-cleanroom

== DESCRIPTION:

Ever want to test something out in a clean rubygems repo? Want your
gem list to actually be empty? Me too. Now you can.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Gets rid of system gems, giving you a clean environment to test stuff out in.
* Ships as a rubygems command-line plugin and a file you can require.

== SYNOPSIS:

  $ rm -rf xxx
  $ GEM_HOME=xxx GEM_PATH=xxx gem list

  *** LOCAL GEMS ***

  bigdecimal (1.2.0)
  io-console (0.4.2)
  json (1.7.7)
  minitest (4.3.2)
  psych (2.0.0)
  rake (0.9.6)
  rdoc (4.0.0)
  test-unit (2.0.0.0)

  $ gem install rubygems-cleanroom
  ...
  $ GEM_HOME=xxx GEM_PATH=xxx gem list

  *** LOCAL GEMS ***

  $ 

== REQUIREMENTS:

* rubygems

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install rubygems-cleanroom

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
